[grafana] Enable helm tpl for alert files (#3891)
grafana/helm-charts: charts/grafana/README.md

is required on upgrade. If you were previously setting `global.image.registry`, you will
need to instead set `global.imageRegistry`.

### To 10.0.0

> Static alerting resources now support Helm templating. If you are using the `alerting` configuration,
> double curly braces must be escaped using `{{ "{{" }}` syntax to prevent unintended template processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Static alerting resources now support Helm templating. This means that alerting resources loaded from external files (`alerting.*.files`) are now processed by the Helm template engine.

If you already use template expressions intended for Alertmanager (for example, `{{ $labels.instance }}`), these must now be escaped to avoid unintended Helm evaluation. To escape them, wrap the braces with an extra layer like this:

`{{ "{{" }} $labels.instance {{ "}}" }}`

This ensures the expressions are preserved for Alertmanager instead of being rendered by Helm.
```
